README.md, before:

# Python Lessons
Over the course of 12 weeks, you will learn how to code with Python! Prior to doing this, please open or install a Python IDE such as:
- `Sublime Text` [(link)](https://www.sublimetext.com)
- `Geany` [link](https://geany.org)
- `Visual Studio Code`  [(link)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- `PythonAnyWhere` [link](https://pythonanywhere.com) 
- `Repl.it` [link](https://repl.it) (recommended)
And many others.
# Requirements:
- An IDE (above)
- If you are using an offline IDE, [Git Bash](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- If you are using an offline IDE, [Python](python.org/downloads)
# How to run - [Repl.It](https://repl.it/@stoporinjail/Python-Lessons) (Recommended)
- Click the Repl.it link above.
- Tap the run button
# How to run - [GitHub](https://github.com/stoporinjail/Python-Lessons)
- Open Git Bash
- Type in:
```
git clone https://github.com/stoporinjail/Python-Lessons
```
- Type in:
```
cd Python-Lessons
```
- Type in:
```
python main.py
```
# Suggestions
Do you have any suggestions? Click [this](https://repl.it/@stoporinjail/Python-Lessons) link!

---
Have a great day!

Commit message:

How to update your offline copy

README.md, after:

# Python Lessons
Over the course of 12 weeks, you will learn how to code with Python! Prior to doing this, please open or install a Python IDE such as:
- `Sublime Text` [(link)](https://www.sublimetext.com)
- `Geany` [link](https://geany.org)
- `Visual Studio Code`  [(link)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- `PythonAnyWhere` [link](https://pythonanywhere.com) 
- `Repl.it` [link](https://repl.it) (recommended)
And many others.
# Requirements:
- An IDE (above)
- If you are using an offline IDE, [Git Bash](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- If you are using an offline IDE, [Python](python.org/downloads)
# How to run - [Repl.It](https://repl.it/@stoporinjail/Python-Lessons) (Recommended)
- Click the Repl.it link above.
- Tap the run button
# How to run - [GitHub](https://github.com/stoporinjail/Python-Lessons)
- Open Git Bash
- Type in:
```
git clone https://github.com/stoporinjail/Python-Lessons
```
- Type in:
```
cd Python-Lessons
```
- Type in:
```
python main.py
```
## How to update your code (OFFLINE RUNS ONLY)
I will update this often, for bug fixes and new lessons. Check back to this often to find out the fixes. If you see a new fix that you don't have on your copy, open Git Bash and type:
```
cd Python-Lessons
```
Then,
```
git pull origin master
```
# Suggestions
Do you have any suggestions? Click [this](https://repl.it/@stoporinjail/Python-Lessons) link!

---
Have a great day!
